Task 2:

Drag and drop to match up the terms with their description!

The Asnwers of Task 2 Are as follows:

Pls drag and drop accordingly and the asnwers may be wrong copy at own Risk

Qs The percentage of a market accounted for by a specific entity.
Ans Market SHare

Qs Shows the relationship between the market value of a company or its equity and some fundamental financial metric (e.g., earnings). The point of a ____ is to show the price you are paying for some stream of earnings, revenue, or cash flow (or other financial metric).
Ans Valuation Ratios

Qs The revenue generated from a company's primary business activities. For example, a retailer produces revenue through merchandise sales, and a physician derives revenue from the medical services he/she provides.
Ans Operating Revenue

Qs A measure of a company's operating profit as a percentage of its revenue. Knowing the ____ ____ allows for a comparison of one company's real performance to others in its industry
Ans EBITDA MArgins

Qs An expense a business incurs through its normal business operations. Often abbreviated as OPEX, operating expenses include rent, equipment, inventory costs, marketing, payroll, insurance, step costs, and funds allocated for research and development
Ans Operating Expenses

Qs The result of subtracting (i) the interests accrued by the Financial Debt during the relevant calculation period, minus (ii) the interests accrued by provisions made during the calculation period.
Ans Net Finance Expense

Qs The process of comparing companies based on similar metrics to determine their enterprise value. A company's valuation ratio determines whether it is overvalued or undervalued. If the ratio is high, then it is overvalued. If it is low, then the company is undervalued.
Ans Key Comparability

Qs A measure used primarily by consumer communications, digital media, and networking companies, defined as the total revenue divided by the number of subscribers.
Ans ARPU (Average revenue per user)

Qs The amount of money that is left after you subtract your total business expenses from your total revenue. In other words, it is a calculation that includes almost all financial transactions in your business
Ans Net Profit

Qs The increase or decrease in the size of a market for a product or service over time. It is typically measured as the percentage change in total sales in an industry or product category
Ans Growth

Qs An accounting measure calculated using a company's earnings, before interest expenses, taxes, depreciation, and amortization are subtracted, as a proxy for a company's current operating profitability.
Ans EBITDA

Qs A calculation made internally by a company to show what it believes is a more accurate reflection of how much money it generates. The number focuses on regular accounting cycle events and often excludes one-time charges or infrequent occurrences.
Ans Underlying Profit

Qs Refers to the reduction in the cost of the tangible fixed assets over its lifespan which is proportionate to the use of the asset in that specific year.
Ans Depreciation

Qs Refers to the reduction in the cost of the intangible assets over its lifespan.
Ans Amortization ( The process of reducing the cost of an intangible asset over its lifespan is called amortization.)





